ML Cheat Sheet 
https://medium.com/swlh/cheat-sheets-for-machine-learning-interview-topics-51c2bc2bab4f

Preprocessing (Outlier):
https://towardsdatascience.com/ways-to-detect-and-remove-the-outliers-404d16608dba

Top 10 Activation Function's Advantages & Disadvantages
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/top-10-activation-functions-advantages-disadvantages-dash/

Outlier Removing(Preprocessing):
https://haridas.in/outlier-removal-clustering.html

Synthetic data
https://towardsdatascience.com/synthetic-data-applications-in-data-privacy-and-machine-learning-1078bb5dc1a7

Cost, Loss difference and othe differences
https://medium.com/@zeeshanmulla/cost-activation-loss-function-neural-network-deep-learning-what-are-these-91167825a4de

Random Forest Explained--->Coursera
https://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/random-forests-explained-intuitively

Pipeline ML
https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-use-sklearn-pipelines-for-ridiculously-neat-code-a61ab66ca90d

6 Mistake tells you a rookie
https://towardsdatascience.com/6-sklearn-mistakes-that-silently-tell-you-are-a-rookie-84fa55f2b9dd

the effect of standardization for machine learning algorithms
https://sebastianraschka.com/Articles/2014_about_feature_scaling.html

Discover Feature Engineering, How to Engineer Features and How to Get Good at It
https://machinelearningmastery.com/discover-feature-engineering-how-to-engineer-features-and-how-to-get-good-at-it/

Gradient Descent Algorithm and its variants
https://towardsdatascience.com/gradient-descent-algorithm-and-its-variants-10f652806a3

Skewed Data problem
https://towardsdatascience.com/skewed-data-a-problem-to-your-statistical-model-9a6b5bb74e37

19 sklearn features
https://towardsdatascience.com/19-sklearn-features-you-didnt-know-existed-p-guarantee-0-75-79a5e9704dad

Understanding Learning Rates and How It Improves Performance in Deep Learning
https://towardsdatascience.com/understanding-learning-rates-and-how-it-improves-performance-in-deep-learning-d0d4059c1c10

What, why, when use which activation
https://medium.com/@snaily16/what-why-and-which-activation-functions-b2bf748c0441

Part 1: Finding Cost Function from nn
https://towardsdatascience.com/step-by-step-the-math-behind-neural-networks-490dc1f3cfd9

part2:  How Do You Find the Partial Derivative of a Function?
https://towardsdatascience.com/step-by-step-the-math-behind-neural-networks-ac15e178bbd

Part3: Finding the Gradient of a Vector Function
https://towardsdatascience.com/step-by-step-the-math-behind-neural-networks-d002440227fb

Part4: Gradient Descent  Manually
https://towardsdatascience.com/calculating-gradient-descent-manually-6d9bee09aa0b

The reason behind moving in the direction opposite to the Gradient
https://hackernoon.com/the-reason-behind-moving-in-the-direction-opposite-to-the-gradient-f9566b95370b

Colah
http://colah.github.io/

Rules-of-thumb for building a Neural Network
https://towardsdatascience.com/17-rules-of-thumb-for-building-a-neural-network-93356f9930af

Math Behind Gradient Descent
https://towardsdatascience.com/understanding-the-mathematics-behind-gradient-descent-dde5dc9be06e

An Overview of gradient descent algorithom
https://ruder.io/optimizing-gradient-descent/

Pandas Memory Usage
https://towardsdatascience.com/optimize-pandas-memory-usage-while-reading-large-datasets-1b047c762c9b
https://towardsdatascience.com/reducing-memory-usage-in-pandas-with-smaller-datatypes-b527635830af


Audio Deep Learning Made Simple: Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR), How it Works
https://towardsdatascience.com/audio-deep-learning-made-simple-automatic-speech-recognition-asr-how-it-works-716cfce4c706


Hidden Markov Model
https://towardsdatascience.com/hidden-markov-model-hmm-simple-explanation-in-high-level-b8722fa1a0d5

Hidden Markov Model
https://medium.com/@postsanjay/hidden-markov-models-simplified-c3f58728caab

Hidden Markov Model
https://web.stanford.edu/~jurafsky/slp3/A.pdf
https://medium.com/@kangeugine/hidden-markov-model-7681c22f5b9
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqSzLo9fenk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OimYMw2qleU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9EHWTHJkqUY #important lecture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0XtE4_QLXI # basic introduction to markov model for speech recognition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GquZGapJnc # part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26d2dfKjSng # part 2
drive : https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1tSXmRSL7up48ybTQx7PHJ78qwOgeyRoh
